Restructure KubeEdge Documentation on Installation/ Configuration/ Ex… (#1366)
kubeedge/kubeedge: docs/setup/kubeedge_configure.md

    cloudhub:
      protocol_websocket: true # enable websocket protocol
      port: 10000 # open port for websocket server
      protocol_quic: true # enable quic protocol
      quic_port: 10001 # open prot for quic server
      max_incomingstreams: 10000 # the max incoming stream for quic server
      enable_uds: true # enable unix domain socket protocol
      uds_address: unix:///var/lib/kubeedge/kubeedge.sock # unix domain socket address
      address: 0.0.0.0
      ca: /etc/kubeedge/ca/rootCA.crt
      cert: /etc/kubeedge/certs/edge.crt
      key: /etc/kubeedge/certs/edge.key
      keepalive-interval: 30
      write-timeout: 30
      node-limit: 10
    devicecontroller:
      kube:
        master:        # kube-apiserver address (such as:http://localhost:8080)
        namespace: ""
        content_type: "application/vnd.kubernetes.protobuf"
        qps: 5
        burst: 10
        kubeconfig: "/root/.kube/config" #Enter absolute path to kubeconfig file to enable https connection to k8s apiserver,if master and kubeconfig are both set, master will override any value in kubeconfig.
```

> cloudcore default supports https connection to Kubernetes apiserver, so you need to check whether the path for `controller.kube.kubeconfig` and `devicecontroller.kube.kubeconfig` exist, but if `master` and `kubeconfig` are both set, `master` will override any value in kubeconfig.

Author: Hey @anvithks Have tried to follow these guidelines. However, it's difficult to make sure everything is corrected.

> cloudcore default supports https connection to Kubernetes apiserver, so you need to check whether the path for `controller.kube.kubeconfig` and `devicecontroller.kube.kubeconfig` exist, but if `master` and `kubeconfig` are both set, `master` will override any value in kubeconfig.

Reviewer: I agree. Maybe someone from the team can help you here. @chendave @kevin-wangzefeng

    sudo chown $(id -u):$(id -g) $HOME/.kube/config
    ```

### Adding the edge nodes (KubeEdge Worker Node) on the Cloud side KubeEdge Master Node)

We have provided a sample node.json to add a node in kubernetes. Please make sure edge-node is added in kubernetes. Run below steps to add edge-node.

+ Copy the `$GOPATH/src/github.com/kubeedge/kubeedge/build/node.json` file and change `metadata.name` to the name of the edge node

    ```shell
        mkdir -p ~/cmd/yaml
        cp $GOPATH/src/github.com/kubeedge/kubeedge/build/node.json ~/cmd/yaml
    ```

    Node.json
    ```script
    {
      "kind": "Node",
      "apiVersion": "v1",
      "metadata": {
        "name": "edge-node",
        "labels": {
          "name": "edge-node",
          "node-role.kubernetes.io/edge": ""
        }
      }
    }
    ```

#### Modification in node.json

1. metadata.name : This is the name of your edge node device. (Referring the edge node configuration would make it more clear). 
 
    **Note: you need to remember `metadata.name` , because edgecore need it**.

2. metadata.labels: Labels are the name by which you can remember a set of nodes.

>     + Make sure role is set to edge for the node. For this a key of the form `"node-role.kubernetes.io/edge"` must be present in `labels` tag of `metadata`.

Author: @anvithks This is copied from the old documentation. No changes made by me.

        image-pull-progress-deadline: 60 # second
        cgroup-driver: cgroupfs
        node-ip: ""
        cluster-dns: ""
        cluster-domain: ""
        
        mesh:
            loadbalance:
                strategy-name: RoundRobin
```

#### Modification in edge.yaml

1. Update the IP address of the master in the `edgehub.websocket.url` field. You need set cloudcore ip address.

    ```yaml
    url: wss://0.0.0.0:10000/e632aba927ea4ac2b575ec1603d56f10/edge-node/events
    ```
    to 

    ```yaml
    url: wss://<X.X.X.X>:10000/e632aba927ea4ac2b575ec1603d56f10/edge-node/events
    ```
    where X.X.X.X is your cloudcore IP Address.

2. Update the IP address of the master in the `edgehub.quic.url` field. You need set cloudcore ip address.

    ```yaml
    quic:
        url: 127.0.0.1:10001
    ```
    to 
    ```yaml
    quic:
        url:<X.X.X.X>:10001
    ```
3. Check `edged.podsandbox-image` : This is very important and must be set correctly.

   To check the architecture of your machine run the following

    ```
    getconf LONG_BIT
    ```

>     + `kubeedge/pause-arm:3.1` for arm arch

Author: @chendave Just wanted to confirm on this. Should it be arm32? In the configuration file https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubeedge/kubeedge/master/edge/conf/edge.yaml provided on github. It says `kubeedge/pause-arm:3.1`

>     + `kubeedge/pause-arm:3.1` for arm arch

Author: @chendave Have pushed the changes suggested (except this one). Let me know if you are fine with the changes.

>     + `kubeedge/pause-arm:3.1` for arm arch

Reviewer 2: I am fine with this, what I meant was it might be something like this, "`kubeedge/pause-arm:3.1` for arm32 arch" to differentiate with aarch64 arch.  No need to respin.

# KubeEdge Configuration

> KubeEdge requires configuration on both [Cloud side (KubeEdge Master Node)](#configuration-cloud-side-kubeedge-master-node) and [Edge side (KubeEdge Worker Node)](#configuration-edge-side-kubeedge-worker-node)

Reviewer 3: I didn't like the name Master Node. Can we delete Node.

Node indicates, that the cloud side has to be executed on a dedicated node. But it is possible to execute cloud side as pod in an existing kubernetes cluster. (comparing to https://github.com/johscheuer/kubeedge-setup)

## Configuration Cloud side (KubeEdge Master Node)

Setting up cloud side requires two steps 

1. Modification of the configuration files

> 2. Adding the edge nodes (KubeEdge Worker Node) on the Cloud side KubeEdge Master Node).

Reviewer 3: missing '(' in front of KubeEdge and after Cloud side.

### Modification of the configuration files

> Cloudcore requires three configuration file as of now. However this might change in future as per the [Issue 1171](https://github.com/kubeedge/kubeedge/issues/1171)

Reviewer 3: s/file/files

    cloudhub:
      protocol_websocket: true # enable websocket protocol
      port: 10000 # open port for websocket server
      protocol_quic: true # enable quic protocol
      quic_port: 10001 # open prot for quic server
      max_incomingstreams: 10000 # the max incoming stream for quic server
      enable_uds: true # enable unix domain socket protocol
      uds_address: unix:///var/lib/kubeedge/kubeedge.sock # unix domain socket address
      address: 0.0.0.0
      ca: /etc/kubeedge/ca/rootCA.crt
      cert: /etc/kubeedge/certs/edge.crt
      key: /etc/kubeedge/certs/edge.key
      keepalive-interval: 30
      write-timeout: 30
      node-limit: 10
    devicecontroller:
      kube:
        master:        # kube-apiserver address (such as:http://localhost:8080)
        namespace: ""
        content_type: "application/vnd.kubernetes.protobuf"
        qps: 5
        burst: 10
        kubeconfig: "/root/.kube/config" #Enter absolute path to kubeconfig file to enable https connection to k8s apiserver,if master and kubeconfig are both set, master will override any value in kubeconfig.
```

> cloudcore default supports https connection to Kubernetes apiserver, so you need to check whether the path for `controller.kube.kubeconfig` and `devicecontroller.kube.kubeconfig` exist, but if `master` and `kubeconfig` are both set, `master` will override any value in kubeconfig.

Reviewer 3: I like a little bit different type of starting the sentence and like others already mentioned the sentence has to break down. I will give you an example perhaps this could help:

By default cloudcore supports https connections to an Kubernetes apiserver. In the configuration file the path `kubeconfig` or  `master` in the sections `controller.kube` and `devicecontroller.kube` has to exist.

Check whether the cert files for `cloudhub.ca`, `cloudhub.cert`,`cloudhub.key` exist.

#### Modification in controller.yaml

In the controller.yaml, modify the below settings.

1. `controller.kube.master` : This would be kube-apiserver address. It might be 

    ```
    https://<your_hostname>:6443
    ```
    or
    ```
    http://<your_hostname>:8080
    ```

>     based on your kubernetes configuration. `your_hostname` should be replaced with the IP Address of your hostname.

Reviewer 3: s/hostname/kubernetes apiserver

    ```
    /root/.kube/config
    ```
    or
    ```
    /home/<your_username>/.kube/config
    ```
    depending on where you have setup your kubernetes by performing the below step:

    ```
    To start using your cluster, you need to run the following as a regular user:

    mkdir -p $HOME/.kube
    sudo cp -i /etc/kubernetes/admin.conf $HOME/.kube/config
    sudo chown $(id -u):$(id -g) $HOME/.kube/config
    ```

### Adding the edge nodes (KubeEdge Worker Node) on the Cloud side (KubeEdge Master Node)

We have provided a sample node.json to add a node in kubernetes. Please make sure edge-node is added in kubernetes. Run below steps to add edge-node.

+ Copy the `$GOPATH/src/github.com/kubeedge/kubeedge/build/node.json` file and change `metadata.name` to the name of the edge node

    ```shell
        mkdir -p ~/cmd/yaml
        cp $GOPATH/src/github.com/kubeedge/kubeedge/build/node.json ~/cmd/yaml
    ```

    Node.json
    ```script
    {
      "kind": "Node",
      "apiVersion": "v1",
      "metadata": {
        "name": "edge-node",
        "labels": {
          "name": "edge-node",
          "node-role.kubernetes.io/edge": ""
        }
      }
    }

>     ```

Reviewer 3: perhaps also mention the following:

If you want to add an edge node to an existing kubernetes cluster you should a taint to this node. An example is given in this Node.yaml file:

```
kind: Node
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
  name: edge-node
  labels:
    name: edge-node
    node-role.kubernetes.io/edge: ""
spec
  taints
    effect: noSchedule
    key: node.kubeedge.io
    value: edge
```

    + Please ensure to add the label `node-role.kubernetes.io/edge` to the `build/node.json` file.
    
    + If role is not set for the node, the pods, configmaps and secrets created/updated in the cloud cannot be synced with the node they are targeted for.

    + This can be checked by running the below command on Cloud side

        ```
        kubectl get nodes --show-labels
        ```

#### Deploy edge node (Run on cloud side)

```shell
    kubectl apply -f ~/cmd/yaml/node.json
```

#### Check if the certificates are created (Run on cloud side)

RootCA certificate and a cert/key pair is required to have a setup for KubeEdge. Same cert/key pair can be used in both cloud and edge.

Ideally, when you setup KubeEdge on the cloud side, certificates would have been generated. Check `/etc/kubeedge`. 

If not, perform the following below steps

```shell
$GOPATH/src/github.com/kubeedge/kubeedge/build/tools/certgen.sh genCertAndKey edge
```

or 

```shell
wget -L https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubeedge/kubeedge/master/build/tools/certgen.sh
# make script executable
chmod +x certgen.sh
bash -x ./certgen.sh genCertAndKey edge
```

> The cert/key will be generated in the /etc/kubeedge/ca and /etc/kubeedge/certs respectively, so this command should be run with root or users who have access to those directories. 

Reviewer 3: s/access/read write permission

> We need to copy these files to the corresponding edge side server directory.

Reviewer 3: no, you can create new one but they have to use the same certificate authority certificate.

Reviewer 3: but your given solution is correct

We can create the `certs.tgz` by 

```shell
cd /etc/kubeedge
tar -cvzf certs.tgz certs/
```

#### Transfer certificate file from the cloud side to edge side

Transfer certificate files to the edge node, because `edgecore` uses these certificate files to connect to `cloudcore`

This can be done by utilising scp

```shell
cd /etc/kubeedge/

> scp -r certs.tgz username@destination:/etc/kubeedge

Reviewer 3: if you only copy a single file you didn't need the `-r` parameter

        image-gc-high-threshold: 80 # percent
        image-gc-low-threshold: 40 # percent
        maximum-dead-containers-per-container: 1
        docker-address: unix:///var/run/docker.sock
        runtime-type: docker
        remote-runtime-endpoint: unix:///var/run/dockershim.sock
        remote-image-endpoint: unix:///var/run/dockershim.sock
        runtime-request-timeout: 2
        podsandbox-image: kubeedge/pause:3.1 # kubeedge/pause:3.1 for x86 arch , kubeedge/pause-arm:3.1 for arm arch, kubeedge/pause-arm64 for arm64 arch
        image-pull-progress-deadline: 60 # second
        cgroup-driver: cgroupfs
        node-ip: ""
        cluster-dns: ""
        cluster-domain: ""
        
        mesh:
            loadbalance:
                strategy-name: RoundRobin
```

#### Modification in edge.yaml

1. Update the IP address of the master in the `edgehub.websocket.url` field. You need set cloudcore ip address.

    ```yaml
    url: wss://0.0.0.0:10000/e632aba927ea4ac2b575ec1603d56f10/edge-node/events
    ```
    to 

    ```yaml
    url: wss://<X.X.X.X>:10000/e632aba927ea4ac2b575ec1603d56f10/edge-node/events
    ```
    where X.X.X.X is your cloudcore IP Address.

> 2. Update the IP address of the master in the `edgehub.quic.url` field. You need set cloudcore ip address.

Reviewer 3: only if you want to use quic an then edgehub.controller.protocol has also be updated.

        ```
    + `controller:node-id`
        ```yaml
        controller:
        node-id: edge-node
        ```
    + `edged:hostname-override`
        ```yaml
        edged:
        register-node-namespace: default
        hostname-override: edge-node
        ```
7.  Configure the desired container runtime to be used as either docker or remote (for all CRI based runtimes including containerd). If this parameter is not specified docker runtime will be used by default
    ```yaml
    runtime-type: docker
    ```
    or
    ```yaml
    runtime-type: remote
    ```
8. If your runtime-type is remote, specify the following parameters for remote/CRI based runtimes
    ```yaml
    remote-runtime-endpoint: /var/run/containerd/containerd.sock
    remote-image-endpoint: /var/run/containerd/containerd.sock
    runtime-request-timeout: 2
    podsandbox-image: k8s.gcr.io/pause
    kubelet-root-dir: /var/run/kubelet/
    ```

#### Configuring MQTT mode
The Edge part of KubeEdge uses MQTT for communication between deviceTwin and devices. KubeEdge supports 3 MQTT modes:

internalMqttMode: internal mqtt broker is enabled.
bothMqttMode: internal as well as external broker are enabled.

> externalMqttMode: only external broker is enabled.

Reviewer 3: perhaps we could use a ordered list here

# KubeEdge Configuration

KubeEdge requires configuration on both [Cloud side (KubeEdge Master)](#configuration-cloud-side-kubeedge-master) and [Edge side (KubeEdge Worker Node)](#configuration-edge-side-kubeedge-worker-node)

## Configuration Cloud side (KubeEdge Master)

Setting up cloud side requires two steps

1. Modification of the configuration files

> 2. Adding the edge nodes (KubeEdge Worker Node) on the Cloud side (KubeEdge Master).

Reviewer 4: Now we have supported that automatically register edge node from edgecore. Ref: https://github.com/kubeedge/kubeedge/blob/master/docs/setup/setup.md#deploy-the-edge-node

Reviewer 5: Node auto registration is now the recommended way for users.

# KubeEdge Configuration

KubeEdge requires configuration on both [Cloud side (KubeEdge Master)](#configuration-cloud-side-kubeedge-master) and [Edge side (KubeEdge Worker Node)](#configuration-edge-side-kubeedge-worker-node)

## Configuration Cloud side (KubeEdge Master)

Setting up cloud side requires two steps

1. [Modification of the configuration files](#modification-of-the-configuration-file)

> 2. [Adding the edge nodes (KubeEdge Worker Node) on the Cloud side (KubeEdge Master)](#adding-the-edge-nodes-kubeedge-worker-node-on-the-cloud-side-kubeedge-master). Node Registration can be completed by a automatic or manual method.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
2. Edge node will be auto registered by default. [Users can still choose to register manually](#adding-the-edge-nodes-kubeedge-worker-node-on-the-cloud-side-kubeedge-master). 
```
